here is the firm commit in forairdroppss

2- second commit 
nothing changes , falied because of something


new change ,by b2

The fog was as thick as pea soup. This was a problem. 
Gary was driving but couldn't see a thing in front of him.
He knew he should stop, but the road was narrow so if he did, 
it would be right in the center of the road. He was sure that 
another car would end up rear-ending him, so he continued forward 
despite the lack of visibility. This was an unwise move

2- second commit

first commit from sub 4 

hello world

3- thrid commit from sub branch 1

His mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others.
He'd tried to live by this motto. He never looked down on those who were less fortunate 
or who had less money than him. But the stupidity of the group of people he was talking 
to made him change his mind.
There were two things that were important to Tracey. The first was her dog. Anyone that
had ever met Tracey knew how much she loved her dog. Most would say that she treated it
as her child. The dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the 
past five years. The second thing that was important to Tracey, however, would be a lot
more surprising to most people.
The headache wouldn't go away. She's taken medicine but even that didn't help. The monstrous
throbbing in her head continued. She had this happen to her only once before in her life and 
she realized that only one thing could be happening.
The drug seekers would come into the emergency room and scream about how much pain they were 
in. When you told them that you would start elevating their pain with Tylenol or Advil instead 
of a narcotic they became nasty and combative. They would start telling you what drug and dose 
they had to have to make their pain 

from main 2

The cab arrived late. The inside was in as bad of shape as the
outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been
cleaned in months. The green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview 
mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome 
the other odors emitting from the cab. The correct decision, in this case,
was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and 
didn't have a choic

Sometimes it just doesn't make sense. The man walking down the 
street in a banana suit. The llama standing in the middle of the road.
The fairies dancing in front of the car window. 
The fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream.
A two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard. Stacey peeked
outside. To most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking 
a photo to put on Instagram. For Stacey, it meant something different
. The first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies
in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold.
Sometimes it just doesn't make sense. The man walking down the 
street in a banana suit. The llama standing in the middle of the road.
The fairies dancing in front of the car window. 
The fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream.
A two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard. Stacey peeked
outside. To most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking 
a photo to put on Instagram. For Stacey, it meant something different
. The first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies
in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold.

The light blinded him. It was dark and he thought he was the only one 
in the area, but the light shining in his eyes proved him wrong. It
came from about 100 feet away and was shining so directly into his 
eyes he couldn't make out anything about the person holding the light. 
There was only one thing to do in this situation. He reached into his
pocket and pulled out a flashlight of his own that was much stronger 
than the one currently blinding him. He turned it on and pointed it 
into the stranger's eyes.
He sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction.
She sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched.
Both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe,
they had been happy together.

He sat staring at the person in the train stopped at 
the station going in the opposite direction. She sat staring ahead, 
never noticing that she was being watched. Both trains began to move 
and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had
been happy together.

It was hidden under the log beside the stream. It had been there for as long as
Jerry had been alive. He wasn't sure if anyone besides him and his friends knew
of its existence. He knew that anyone could potentially find it, but it was well
enough hidden that it seemed unlikely to happen. The fact that it had been there 
for more than 30 years attested to this. So it was quite a surprise when he found 
the item was missing


Bryan had made peace with himself and felt comfortable with the choices he made.
This had made all the difference in the world. Being alone no longer bothered 
him and this was essential since there was a good chance he might spend the 
rest of his life alone in a cell.



It was a good idea. At least, they all
thought it was a good idea at the time. Hindsight would reveal that in reality,
it was an unbelievably terrible idea, but it would take another week for them to 
understand that. Right now, at this very moment. they all agreed that it was the
perfect course of action for the current situation.
Eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea. "It's a delicacy in Japan," didn't 
seem to make it any more appetizing. Raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not.



The drug seekers would come into the emergency room and scream about how much
pain they were in. When you told them that you would start elevating their pain
with Tylenol or Advil instead of a narcotic they became nasty and combative. They
would start telling you what drug and dose they had to have to make their pain tolerable. 
After dealing with the same drug seekers several times a month it gets old. Some of the
doctors would give in and give them a dose of morphine and send them away. Sure that was
faster, but ethically she still couldn’t do it. Perhaps that’s why she had longer care
times than the other doctors.
He hid under the covers hoping that nobody would notice him there. It really 
didn't make much sense since it would be obvious to anyone who walked into the room
there was someone hiding there, but he still held out hope. He heard footsteps coming 
down the hall and stop in front in front of the bedroom door. He heard the squeak of the 
door hinges and someone opened the bedroom door. He held his breath waiting for whoever
was about to discover him, but they never did.



